dd  ### MD-TSPC4: Computational Method for Predicting the Thermal Stability of I-Motif

This repository contains the code for the MD-TSPC4 method, a computational method for predicting the thermal stability of I-motif DNA structures. The method is described in the paper:

> MD-TSPC4: A Computational Method for Predicting the Thermal Stability of I-Motif DNA Structures
>
> Authors:
>
> * [Author 1]dd
> * [Author 2]
> * [Author 3]
>
> Journal:
>
> International Journal of Molecular Sciences
>
> Year:
>
> 2021

#### Installation

To install the MD-TSPC4 method, you will need to:

1. Clone this repository:

```
git clone https://github.com/biovis-hub/md-tspc4
```

2. Install the dependencies:

```
npm install
```

#### Usage

To use the MD-TSPC4 method, you will need to:

1. Prepare your input data. The input data should be a FASTA file containing the DNA sequences of the I-motif structures you want to predict the thermal stability of.
2. Run the MD-TSPC4 method. The MD-TSPC4 method can be run using the following command:

```
node index.js <input_file> <output_file>
```

where:

* `<input_file>` is the path to the input FASTA file
* `<output_file>` is the path to the output file that will contain the predicted thermal stability values

3. Analyze the results. The output file will contain the predicted thermal stability values for each of the I-motif structures in the input FASTA file. You can use these values to compare the thermal stability of different I-motif structures or to design new I-motif structures with improved thermal stability.

#### Code Overview

The MD-TSPC4 method is implemented in the `index.js` file. The file contains the following functions:

* `main()` function: This function is the entry point of the MD-TSPC4 method. It reads the input FASTA file, calls the `predictThermalStability()` function to predict the thermal stability of each of the I-motif structures in the file, and writes the predicted thermal stability values to the output file.
* `predictThermalStability()` function:

Generated by [BlackboxAI](https://www.blackbox.ai)